packages: improve and expand docs (#49774)
sourcegraph/sourcegraph: doc/admin/external_service/rust.md

# Rust dependencies

<aside class="experimental">
<p>
<span class="badge badge-experimental">Experimental</span> This feature is experimental and might change or be removed in the future. We've released it as an experimental feature to provide a preview of functionality we're working on.
</p>
</aside>

> Site admins can sync Rust dependencies from any Cargo repositories, including Cargo.org or an internal Artifactory, to their Sourcegraph instance so that users can search and navigate the repositories.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Site admins can sync Rust dependencies from any Cargo repository, including Cargo.org or an internal Artifactory, to their Sourcegraph instance so that users can search and navigate their dependencies.
```

## Credentials

The `"repository"` field in the [configuration](#configuration) section is automatically redacted and can optionally include the username and password of an internal [Artifactory Cargo](https://www.jfrog.com/confluence/display/JFROG/Cargo+Repositories) repository.

## Rate limiting

By default, requests to the Cargo repository is 8 request per second.

To manually set the value, add the following to your code host configuration:

```json
"rateLimit": {
  "enabled": true,
  "requestsPerHour": 600
}
```

where the `requestsPerHour` field is set based on your requirements.

**Not recommended**: Rate-limiting can be turned off entirely as well.
This increases the risk of overloading the code host.

```json
"rateLimit": {
  "enabled": false
}
```

## Configuration

Rust dependencies code host connections support the following configuration options, which are specified in the JSON editor in the site admin "Manage code hosts" area.

> <div markdown-func=jsonschemadoc jsonschemadoc:path="admin/external_service/rust-packages.schema.json">[View page on docs.sourcegraph.com](https://docs.sourcegraph.com/integration/rust) to see rendered content.</div>

Reviewer: Markdown _inside_ of HTML doesn't render.

Author: Changing this to an `<a>` tag makes the "to see rendered content" always render :facepalm:
